what's up guys seller here vase games TV
and we're in the mists of pandaria beta
again and for those who are a little bit
disappointed we're not seeing necessary
in the cap midair cataclysm he's back
from mr. Pandaria with his son with
junior and I don't if they're gonna make
an appearance in any of the any of the
other zones but he's invalid the four
winds which is the level 86 287 question
zone and the back with the normal quest
the grindy sort of game hunting quests
you start off with having to kill 15 of
these motions which are similar to code
0 and 15 goals which are some little
hooks now you'll also notice I've got
debuff which says you feel as all you
being hunted or something along those
lines and every time you're around this
wall this lake which is in the middle
and you'll get this debuff so we'll find
out that's about a little bit later on
if you don't like spoilers do not watch
this do not watch but if you do and you
want to find out what's going on with
the new necessary question then stay
tuned so the good thing about the
necessary request is you have to kill a
lot of mobs and they usually very close
together don't have to go very far they
have an okay amount of HP you can use
the take on more than one and the
grinding quests are always good I prefer
the ground ii quests instead of the go
and kill 20 mobs to get when I inquest
it they feel annoying as you get
frustrate you like one just drop just
just drop but when you actually sent out
to kill stuff then it feels as though
you've got purpose you seen a number
dhal pourri Technical Center so 15 of
those mobs killed head back and we'll
pick up the next set of quests now
juniors trying to impress his dad his
his I'm about like well just basically
trying to impress his that he say no so
he's not happy with the motion and well
what we'll do is we'll go out and kill
the big emotion which is dark hide so
similar to the old quest chains where
you had to like kill the the normal ones
and you work up to the bigger one so on
this quest you have to kill 15 the
shadow foxes now with the shadow foxes
these are a little bit more spread out I
couldn't really find a clumped up area
at them but it's still not too bad and
then once we've got all of them killed
we'll go
kill dark-eyed so dark hides a sort of
the bigger motion has more HP does more
damage still isn't too much of a
challenge is a normal mob so it's not
gonna not going to threaten you in any
way Raila but yeah just burst him down
and that's the number question so off
this quest we will get some items now
the way they've changed iton like quest
items to work in mr. Pandaria is you
will get an IM specific to your class so
as you'll notice i can pick up a 200 a
tanking shield or healing shield I won't
pick up like a staff or something that's
completely useless to my Omega items
that I'll be able to actually use so
with them question was sent to kill
these turtles and loot the meat and once
we've done that head back and he's now
saying he did he found some tablets and
the saying the the meat to someone like
this big game hunter and they want to
prove themselves that they're just as
big as a hunter as this one to the lips
in the water Junior does the summoning
ritual and gets manga drops out how we
have to swim under with a decimal into
the lair of the beast but as I got here
the people had already done it god damn
them people how dare they but with the
magic of editing you don't have to wait
we can just be here and then all of a
sudden there we go the buck so you try
shaking Junior nothing happens and we
have this big mob spawn so you have to
kite him a little bit away it's just so
nests American gay good shot on him it
wasn't too much of a challenge Raila
didn't really do too much damage I did
Papa I did all the things but he went
down pretty quick so once he's dead
you'll have this a little bit of a
touchy scene where he's like all of your
pop it's like I love you so now let's go
get us a pint that's the best dwarf
accent you'll that but probably am sorry
and then we're done and you will get
some quite nice items from that you'll
get a blue ring which is better than my
normal Dragon Soul rings and probably
not as good as heroic ring I wouldn't
say but still good loot so hope you've
enjoyed the look at the nests where
question in mr. pandari and the valley
of the four winds look out for more
videos coming soon especially on this
channel don't forget to subscribe like
fav and look out for more videos thanks
for watching guys yeah